Use ollama on a rpi5, 8GB
mistral 7b 05/22/2024	A new version of Mistral 7B that supports function calling
mistal 7.2B parameters = 4.1 GB on rpi5. quantization level 4.0, family llama
run locall on rpi5

ollama run mistral
>>> I have low back pain, what should I do
 I'm not a doctor, but I can provide some general suggestions about managing low back pain. 
Here are some tips that might help you:

1. Rest and Relaxation: Allow your body to rest for short periods. Avoid activities that 
may worsen the pain or cause additional strain on the lower back muscles.

2. Cold and Heat Therapy: Apply ice packs or heating pads to the affected area for 15-20 
minutes at a time, several times a day. This can help reduce inflammation and provide 
temporary pain relief.

3. Pain Relievers: Over-the-counter nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) like 
ibuprofen or naproxen may help reduce back pain and inflammation. Always consult your 
doctor before taking any medication for back pain.

4. Exercise and Stretching: Gentle exercise, such as walking, yoga, or swimming can help 
strengthen your back muscles and improve flexibility. Low-impact aerobic activities are 
best when dealing with lower back pain. Be sure to avoid movements that worsen the pain.

5. Maintain Good Posture: Maintaining good posture throughout the day can help prevent 
further strain on the lower back muscles. When sitting, use a chair with good lumbar 
support and make sure your feet are flat on the floor.

6. Mind-body practices: Techniques such as deep breathing exercises, meditation, or tai chi 
may help reduce stress and anxiety, which can contribute to back pain.

If your lower back pain persists for more than a week, worsens, or is accompanied by other 
symptoms like numbness, weakness, fever, or unexplained weight loss, you should consult a 
healthcare professional immediately.

second run using verbose
ollama run mistral --verbose
>>> I have low back pain, what should I do
 I'm not a doctor, but here are some general suggestions for managing low back pain. If your symptoms persist or worsen, please consult a healthcare professional:

1. Rest and relaxation: Try to get plenty of rest, especially if the pain is severe. Avoid strenuous activities that could aggravate your condition.

2. Heat and cold therapy: Apply heat (such as a heating pad or warm bath) or cold (ice packs) to the affected area for 15-20 minutes at a time, several times a day, to help relieve pain and reduce 
inflammation.

3. Pain medication: Over-the-counter pain relievers like ibuprofen or acetaminophen may provide temporary relief. Be sure to follow the recommended dosage instructions on the label.

4. Exercise: Low-impact exercises, such as walking, swimming, or yoga, can help strengthen your back muscles and improve flexibility, which may reduce pain over time. Consult a healthcare professional 
for appropriate exercises.

5. Maintain good posture: Try to keep your spine in alignment by practicing good posture throughout the day. Avoid slouching or bending for extended periods.

6. Stretching: Gently stretch your back muscles regularly to help improve flexibility and reduce tension.

7. Supportive clothing: Wear supportive shoes with good arch support, and consider using a lumbar support cushion when sitting for long periods.

8. Ergonomic setup: Adjust your workspace to maintain proper posture while working or studying. Place your computer monitor at eye level, use an ergonomic chair, and take frequent breaks to stand and 
stretch.

9. Manage stress: Stress can contribute to back pain. Practice relaxation techniques like deep breathing, meditation, or progressive muscle relaxation to help manage stress levels.

10. Weight management: Maintaining a healthy weight reduces the strain on your back and spine. Eating a balanced diet and engaging in regular exercise can help with weight management.

total duration:       3m44.436277813s
load duration:        2.761159ms
prompt eval count:    12 token(s)
prompt eval duration: 5.037186s
prompt eval rate:     2.38 tokens/s
eval count:           438 token(s)
eval duration:        3m39.262687s
eval rate:            2.00 tokens/s

9 words in the prompt, coverted to 12 tokens. Took totl 3 min and 44 seconds. Output 438 tokens. 
Unclear why differnt response this time. 

>>> I have low back pain, what should I do
 I'm not a doctor, but I can give you some suggestions on how to manage low back pain. Here are some steps you can take:

1. Rest: Take a break from any activities that aggravate your back pain. Avoid bending, twisting, or lifting heavy objects for a few days.

2. Apply heat and cold: Alternating between heat (such as a heating pad) and cold (like an ice pack) can help reduce inflammation and ease discomfort.

3. Exercise: Low-impact exercises like walking, swimming, or yoga can help strengthen your back muscles, improve flexibility, and alleviate pain.

4. Pain relief medication: Over-the-counter pain relievers like ibuprofen or acetaminophen may provide temporary relief. If your pain persists, consult a doctor about other options.

5. Good posture: Maintain good posture when sitting, standing, and sleeping to reduce stress on your back. Use ergonomic chairs and supportive pillows for better spinal alignment.

6. Stretching: Perform gentle stretches throughout the day to loosen tight muscles in your back and improve mobility.

7. Massage: A professional massage or self-massage can help relax tense muscles, reduce inflammation, and promote healing.

8. Consult a doctor: If your pain persists for more than a few days or is severe, it's essential to seek medical attention from a healthcare provider. They may recommend physical therapy, injections, 
or other treatments to manage your back pain effectively.

total duration:       2m58.831891775s
load duration:        1.676025743s
prompt eval count:    14 token(s)
prompt eval duration: 5.789779s
prompt eval rate:     2.42 tokens/s
eval count:           343 token(s)
eval duration:        2m51.236312s
eval rate:            2.00 tokens/s

Another run after clear context
prompt 14 tokes, time 2 min 58 sec, outoput 243 tokens. 
